I'm going to return to the police.
The Thank you Dates thank you that I received from eco-a-san Yosu to Pi the pros and cons
Suddenly, but please ask me the other day I made instant noodles, but for soup
Without putting anything
I have finished eating only in soup with chopsticks Eh
And even if I finished eating, I still noticed that
My father who found the soup clothes I ate ramen without putting it in soup
It was the first time I noticed that I was thrust into and I passed the same time and felt the most annoying in the past several years
Was it a moment Did two of you feel there was a recent failure or something like this?
It is Tsu this dangerous
Why instant also was eating in I feel it 's I wish a little thin Datte taste
I would like to ask if I thought I would eat ramen
I guess you can imagine eating something like that with the house
Look at the bag and now what is the only soy sauce or miso
Nishion- kun
I can not imagine it in my mouth and in my mind the moment I become
Or to or it takes not about 5 minutes start eating to make in
First there is color
Yup
It does not differ from the taste that I imagined
Anything should be fine if it can be eaten, maybe maybe the stomach is made with the equivalent water and the rain interest interest
I went to a meal to eat kotoko
Say filled so something from Toka stomach is empty because it is time to eat
Maybe not notice When the Well but then maybe I wish I was a salty soup
Quite live are in you salt error
So miso or soy sauce or pork bone is really ah ah
It is in, but this is domestic there
It is called Nei salt ramen
It's not this that I met
And the other way not you use with Eastern is quite taste Ikedo Don'
That's section
Follow
Just delicious Hey Well I wonder but also delicious feel
There eyes ie start but will be between the flame 's say I tried to eat it to it reverse
How is it like ramen? Like chicken ramen in a row
I wonder if I'm with a taste to the noodles a little softening Oya
The taste of the full text gratis screen will be empty but
Just another taste of the noodles when I got satisfied where 's not it the flavor in it
Kamasei say that it was good
The character is that this time we have done this
This always of course put just because you are eating of goofy-chan that Chinami
Write me please and even for water depth you do not smoke on the previous mess tube laughs
By'm there
Maa's
Interesting Naa I was able to say that I thought frankly
Yappa important to you and I'm so I think the one-time shock
artis it's at all I do and I thought to eat only the surface
Of Amun boss
But I was not trying to do something unconscious
So I imagined what you say of course Oh charge of ramen
Wasteful why such or such do
So Neyaro
I can only say that it is really great
Hey eco s 3 is by so future interesting because you have to wait for your simultaneous
It Dojio Nee incredible golden'll let providing a dojikko corner of the cat to be worried about
n becomes Now Now Tsu Oh make Te 4 Meru' I Dene Toka where you are coming I have friends
I saved it, but I saved it.
Mr. Pekokai dangerous is this Tara Well maintained good but serious
Was chucked out without wearing of Chottopekore 3 months Hey, would pattern any of you of the clunker
Where
Their Datte you Hey if I ne to Toka or shift there when you do not notice Becak in Agrippa
Impossible's state no longer Somehow as it is of still taste time Toka do not think anymore and want to try in
It shakes with eh
I think Dame' and Ya the After another first is I try to eat it last and I'm Well then uh
True
My side already that noodle soup
Do n't take it for a while, eat about a third of it, or taste it
If you were Mr. there was Neii I'm there
I really continued was hot topic talk a little you leave you treat another Hey love's
Sprinkled Thank you water Thank you
I'm waiting for the mail from you in the future, for now I'm waiting for you and my partner is my wing and me pekoko
It is Spend a sweet time us is something there I's was the snow I now also Anta
The secret is not play
In Pegu queuing Egg hardware angry I Eco 1 Eco Orio